---
layout: default
title: Contribute Learning Modules
---

# Contribute Teaching Boxes
One of the main goals of the Pi-WRF project is to expand our offering of 
teaching boxes to facilitate community scientific learning. As such, we 
are always seeking contributions from teachers, students, and university 
faculty. If you fall into one of these categories, and you have a lesson 
or activity that fits your interests, you are encouraged to contribute to 
Pi-WRF. The goal of the Pi-WRF project is the creation of a community 
library of Pi-WRF teaching modules (teaching boxes). This is accomplished 
through a community-development model that includes sharing and submission 
of instructional modules. As part of this model, the Pi-WRF team 
encourages the exploration and modification of existing Pi-WRF teaching 
boxes. We are especially interested in teaching box modifications created 
by educators, university faculty, and weather and computer geeks. This 
contribution model helps advance the Pi-WRF community, as well as the 
wider scientific community, by improving scientific curricula.

If you wish to contribute a lesson or learning activity, or other teaching 
box content, click on the button below to reach the contribution Google 
Form, then complete the form to finish the contribution. After you submit 
a contribution, the Pi-WRF team will receive and review your submission. 
If your submission is accepted, you will be notified via email, and your 
submission will be converted into a teaching box and published on this 
website.

**Click the button below to start a submission.**<br>

<form action="https://forms.gle/taaCkLaaykkS7HA46">
    <input type="submit" value="Begin Submission" style="background-color:#2E938C;border-radius:5px;color:white;cursor:pointer;padding:2px;height: 50px;width:200px">
</form>
